= is_taggable

At last, a short and sweet tagging implementation that you can easily modify and extend.

Most of the plugins out there are on steroids or messing directly with SQL, a known gateway drug.

We wanted a more sober plugin that would handle new functionality without breaking a sweat. Some plugins had minimal or no tests *gasp*. They were so messed up that operating would likely cause internal bleeding.

So, we crafted the plugin we needed with the functionality we were looking for: tag kinds. It's small and healthy. So, it should be a good base to build on.

== Usage

After generating the migration:

  $ script/generate is_taggable_migration
  $ rake db:migrate

All you need is the 'is_taggable' declaration in your models:

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    is_taggable :tags, :languages
  end
  
In your forms, add a text fields for "tag_list" and/or "language_list" (matching the example model above):

  <%= f.text_field :tag_list %>

Calling is_taggable with any arguments defaults to a tag_list. Instantiating our polyglot user is easy:

  User.new :tag_list => "rails, giraffesoft", :language_list => "english, french, spanish, latin, esperanto, tlhIngan Hol"

A comma is the default tag separator, but this can be easily changed:

  IsTaggable::TagList.delimiter = " "

You can also set options on the tags.  The only option currently supported is :fixed.  If you set :fixed => true, tags will not be added to a taggable model unless you explicitly create a Tag record.  This is for tagging with fixed vocabularies.

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    is_taggable :tags, :fixed => true
  end

== Get it

  $ sudo gem install bdimcheff-is_taggable -s http://gems.github.com
  
As a rails gem dependency:

  config.gem 'bdimcheff-is_taggable', :lib => 'is_taggable'

Or get the source from github:

  $ git clone git://github.com/bdimcheff/is_taggable.git

(or fork it at http://github.com/bdimcheff/is_taggable)

== Credits

is_taggable was created, and is maintained by Daniel Haran and James Golick.  Brandon Dimcheff added fixed tag vocabulary support.

== License

is_taggable is available under the MIT License